Look, I'm here with
Jennifer Aniston everybody.
And we're on fire.
[APPLAUSE]
We are friends, and I
know a lot about you,
but there are still some
things I don't know.
So we're going to take
care of that right
now by playing
Burning Questions.
Are you ready?
Uh-huh.
OK.
[THEME MUSIC]
All you do is think of the
answer, the honest answer,
and then you hit
[DING] that button.
OK.
[DING] What's the weirdest thing
you've ever done to make money?
I cut hair in the eighth, ninth
grade and made $10 a haircut.
[DING]
In the ninth grade?
Wow.
I sold vacuum cleaners.
[DING] Who was your
first celebrity crush?
Shaun Cassidy.
[DING]
Mine is a tie between Donny
Osmond and Michael Jackson.
[DING]
Oh, yeah.
And then I turned a corner.
So then--
[LAUGHTER]
--tell us a lie that
you've recently told.
"You look great."
[DING]
[LAUGHTER]
Now everybody you said that to--
Everybody's wondering who it is.
Yeah.
"She told me I look great."
What are three things that
you must do every day?
Brush my teeth.
Mm-hmm.
Good.
Take a shower.
Great.
And pray.
Ah, that's sweet.
[APPLAUSE]
[DING] [DING]
Those are pretty much mine too.
K.
What's the most rebellious
thing you did as a teenager?
Sneaking out with my best
friend Dre to the Palladium
and danced on top
of those boxes,
and we didn't tell our parents.
[DING]
Wow.
How old were you?
17?
17.
That's not bad at all.
That's--
I know, and we didn't
even drink or anything.
Yeah, wow.
Nothing.
Just to dance--
Just dance on boxes.
--dance, dance on boxes.
Besides making love--
I did look like a
police officer though.
What?
I was dressed like
a police officer.
Why?
I don't know.
It was the '80s.
It's just what I did.
I thought I was crazy.
Rebellious.
Besides making love,
showering, or swimming
what is something else
you've enjoyed doing naked?
Watch TV.
You watch TV naked?
Yeah.
Is that weird?
[LAUGHTER]
I mean, at night, you get
into bed, and you watch TV.
Oh, sure.
OK.
All right.
I thought you'd say like
sunbathing or something
like that.
Oh, that too.
All right.
What really gets you--
[DING] What really gets you
[DING] in the holiday spirit?
This show.
[APPLAUSE]
Vodka!
[DING] [DING]
Check out Jen's new
movie, Dumplin'.
It's available on Netflix now.
We'll be right back.
Jen Aniston.